OnTap is an Android app that provides information about what's
available at a Barley Legal Homebrewers beer festival.

To build this software requires:
     The Android SDK with platform 2.1 (API 7)
This is required to run the JUnit tests:
     Mockito 1.9.5
These are required to run the Robolectric unit tests:
     Maven 2
     Maven Android SDK Deployer
     Maven Eclipse Plug-In (Required only if you use Eclipse)
     Robolectric

* Android SDK

http://developer.android.com/tools/index.html

* Maven 3.1.1

http://maven.apache.org/

* Maven Android SDK Deployer

Available at https://github.com/mosabua/maven-android-sdk-deployer

Before using the Maven Android SDK Deployer, install Android SDK
version 4.4 (API 19), version 1.6 (API 4) and Android Support Library
(found under Extras).

In the deployer's root directory pom.xml, add this profile:
        <profile>
            <id>extras</id>
            <modules>
                <module>extras</module>
            </modules>
        </profile>

Run "mvn install -P 4.4", "mvn install -P 1.6", 
then "mvn install -P extras".

* Maven Eclipse Plug-In 

In Eclipse, from the menu, select Help > Install New Software.  Set
"Work With" to "<Eclipse version name> -
http://download/eclipse.org/releases/<Eclipse version name>".  Set
filter text to "m2e".  Select "m2e - Maven Integration for Eclipse"
and "m2e - slf4j over logback logging (Optional)".  If you do not load
the latter, Eclipse will write this error to the screen when it
starts: 

SLF4J: Failed to load class "org.slf4j.impl.StaticLoggerBinder".  

This doesn't seem to have any other negative effects.

* Robolectric 

Available at https://github.com/robolectric/robolectric

* Mockito 1.9.5

Available at https://code.google.com/p/mockito/

In Eclipse, set MOCKITO_HOME to the directory into which you
downloaded mockito-all-1.9.5.jar, e.g., /home/myuser for Linux or c:\
Windows.  To do this, from the Eclipse menu, select Window ->
Preferences.  In the left pane, expand Java and then Build Path.
Select Classpath Variables.  On the right, select New.  Set the Name
to MOCKITO_HOME and select Folder next to Path.  Select the directory
containing the Mockito JAR.

To test in Maven, from the top level (OnTap) directory, run "mvn
install".  Maven should report "BUILD SUCCESS" unless you don't have
an AVD with Android version at least 1.6 running, in which case the
Android JUnit Tests will fail.

Bugs and Change Requests are kept in Bugzilla at:
http://bugs.itllp.com/bugzilla-4.4.4